Yami-Yugi:
PREVIOUSLY ON YU-GI-OH...
MEET DARK MAGICIAN GIRL
THE DRAGON KNIGHT!
ACTIVATE CRYSTAL SEAL!
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE
RAFAEL!?
I'VE SEALED YOUR DRAGON
IN A CRYSTAL PRISON!
I'M OUT OF OPTIONS.
THERE'S ONLY
ONE CARD IN MY HAND
THAT CAN FREE MY DRAGON.
Yugi:
PHARAOH!! NO!!
LET GO.
NO. YOU DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE DOING!
WE MUST DO THIS.
NOW LET ME GO!
PLEASE DON'T
PLAY THAT CARD.
NOW I ACTIVATE
THE SEAL OF ORICHALCOS!
EXCELLENT.
NOOOOO!
Rafael: SO TELL ME.
HOW DO YOU FEEL?
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ IT'S TIME TO D-D-D-DUEL ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
Yami-Yugi:
THE SEAL OF ORICHALCOS
SERVES ME NOW!
AND ALL OF ITS ANCIENT
POWERS REST ON MY SIDE
OF THE FIELD,
STRENGTHENING
MY DARK MAGICIAN GIRL
THE DRAGON KNIGHT!
WITH 500 EXTRA
ATTACK POINTS!
NOW IT CAN
BREAK FREE FROM
YOUR CRYSTAL SEAL!
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE
TO MY DRAGON!?
IT'S NOT WHAT I'VE DONE...
IT'S WHAT YOU'VE DONE
BY PLAYING THAT MAGIC CARD.
GUESS I SHOULDA WARNED YA.
TIMAEUS AND THE ORICHALCOS
DON'T MIX.
BUT AT LEAST YOUR DARK SIDE'S
BEEN SET FREE.
WHAT HAVE I UNLEASHED?
[SCREAMING]
YOU WERE A FOOL
TO HAND ME THIS CARD!
FOR WHEN YOU LOSE,
YOUR SOUL WILL BE SEALED
FOR ALL ETERNITY
WHERE IT BELONGS!
NOW I ACTIVATE
HAND CONTROL!
ALL I NEED TO DO
IS CORRECTLY GUESS
THE NAME OF A CARD
IN YOUR HAND
AND I CAN ACTIVATE IT!
AND SINCE I GAVE YOU
THE NECROMANCY CARD,
I KNOW
YOU'RE HOLDING IT!
NOW IT'S MINE!
HA!
NECROMANCY ALLOWS ME
TO BRING 4 MONSTERS
BACK FROM MY GRAVEYARD!
SO RETURN TO ME
BIG SHIELD GARDNA...
BERFOMET...
GAZELLE THE KING
OF MYTHICAL BEASTS...
AND KURIBABYLON!
NEXT I'LL SACRIFICE
GAZELLE AND BERFOMET
SO I CAN SUMMON
MY DARK MAGICIAN!
THEN I'LL SEPARATE
MY KURIBABYLON
INTO THE 5
KURIBOH BROTHERS
I USED TO CREATE IT!
NOW MY MONSTERS,
FEEL THE POWER
OF THE ORICHALCOS!
THE DARK ENERGY
OF THE ORICHALCOS
ENHANCES MY CREATURES
WITH 500 EXTRA POINTS!
I COMBINE
MY KURIBOHS
ONCE AGAIN
TO FORM...
KURIBABYLON!
REMEMBER...EACH OF
MY FURRY FRIENDS
GAINED
500 EXTRA POINTS,
FOR A GRAND TOTAL OF
2,500 ATTACK POINTS!
AND ALL OF THAT POWER
WAS ABSORBED
BY MY KURIBABYLON!
THAT'S ONE POWERFUL
COTTON BALL
YOU'VE GOT THERE.
IT'S ALL THANKS
TO THE POWER OF
THE ORICHALCOS!
WRONG!
THE POWER COMES FROM
THE DARKNESS IN YOU!
HEY, WHERE AM I?
THE SEAL OF ORICHALCOS!
NO! HE PLAYED IT!
HOW COULD YOU, PHARAOH?
Yami-Yugi:
I DON'T CARE WHERE
THIS POWER CAME FROM!
ALL THAT MATTERS IS,
IT'S MINE NOW!
NO! MY GUARDIAN!
AND NOW THAT
YOU HAVE A MONSTER
IN YOUR GRAVEYARD...
YOUR MAGIC CARD
LOSES ITS POWER!
I'M FAR FROM DONE.
MY DARK MAGICIAN
HASN'T HAD HIS CHANCE
TO MAKE YOU SUFFER!
GO DARK MAGIC ATTACK!
I ACTIVATE
AID TO THE DOOMED!
WHAT'S THAT?!
A HANDY MAGIC CARD.
IT ALLOWS ME TO STOP
YOUR DARK MAGICIAN'S ATTACK
BEFORE IT REACHES MY MONSTER
AS LONG AS I'M WILLING
TO SEND TWO OF MY CARDS
TO THE GRAVEYARD AS PAYMENT.
Joey:
YUGIIIIII!
Tristan:
NO WAY DUDE!
WHAT'S GOIN' ON?!
WHY'S DAT
ORICHALCOS THINGY
ON YUGI'S FOREHEAD!
Rex: YOU GUYS
JUST MISSED
THE BEST PART!
Duke: YEAH?
THEN WHY DON'T
YOU TWO FILL US IN.
Tristan:
I DON'T TRUST
THESE TWERPS
AS FAR AS
I CAN THROW 'EM.
Joey: HEY!
MY BEST BUDDY'S GOT
DAT FREAKY DING
ON HIS HEAD
AND I WANT
ANSWERS NOW!
WHY DON'T YOU TAKE
YOUR PAWS OFF ME
AND TRY ASKING NICELY!
WRONG ANSWER.
NOW IT'S GO TIME!
DON'T HURT ME,
DON'T HURT ME...
IT'S THE SEAL
OF ORICHALCOS!
YUGI GOT IT FROM
THAT BIG MUSCLE GUY
AND THEN ACTIVATED IT!
OH!
HUH?
[GASPING]
Joey: YUGI
WOULDN'T DO DAT!
HE KNOWS
DAT CARD'S EVIL!
Rafael:
HOW DOES IT FEEL TO KNOW
THAT ALL THIS TIME YOU'VE BEEN
HIDING YOUR TRUE SELF!?
YOU DERIVE YOUR POWERS
FROM DARKNESS,
AND YOU ALWAYS HAVE!
WHAT'S WRONG?
ARE YOU JEALOUS
BECAUSE THE SEAL
OF ORICHALCOS
RESIDES WITH ME NOW,
AND IT'S YOUR SOUL
THAT'S ON THE LINE
THIS TIME!?
PERHAPS YOU SHOULD
HAVE THOUGHT TWICE
BEFORE TURNING
THAT MAGIC CARD
OVER TO ME, RAFAEL.
THE SEAL MAY BE STRONG,
BUT I'M NOT WORRIED.
I HAVE COMPLETE TRUST
IN MY MONSTERS.
THEY WON'T LET ME DOWN.
MY GUARDIAN MAY BE GONE...
BUT HE'LL BE BACK!
JUST YOU WAIT!
IN FACT, YOU DON'T HAVE TO.
I ACTIVATE...
MY MONSTER REBIRTH!
THIS MAGIC CARD ALLOWS ME
TO BRING ONE MONSTER BACK
FROM MY GRAVEYARD
AND PLACE IT IN MY DECK!
AND I CHOOSE GUARDIAN GRARL!
I DESTROYED
THAT MONSTER ONCE
AND I'LL DO IT AGAIN!
NOW FINISH YOUR MOVE.
NEXT I'LL PLACE ONE CARD
FACE DOWN ON THE FIELD...
THEN I'LL ACTIVATE
MY SWORDS OF
REVEALING LIGHT
MAGIC CARD!
SO YOUR MONSTERS
CAN'T ATTACK
FOR 3 TURNS!
Weevil:
ALRIGHT, GUYS,
IF YUGI LOSES,
I CALL DIBS ON
HIS DARK MAGICIAN!
Rex:
THAT'S NOT COOL.
WHY DONCHA SHOW
SOME COMPASSION
FOR A CHANGE...
AND LET ME TAKE
HIS DARK MAGICIAN.
WATCH IT!
YOUR SWORDS
MEAN NOTHING!
FOR I PLAY
CATAPULT TURTLE!
BY SACRIFICING
MY BIG SHIELD GARDNA!
NOW I USE MY TURTLE'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
TO CATAPULT
ANY MONSTER I CHOOSE
FROM MY SIDE
OF THE FIELD
DIRECTLY AT YOUR
LIFE POINTS, RAFAEL!
YOU'VE ACTIVATED MY TRAP!
LIMIT TRIBUTE!
WHAT'S THAT!?
IT CHANGES THE RULES
OF THE COMPETITION
BY LIMITING THE NUMBER
OF MONSTERS EACH PLAYER
CAN SACRIFICE
TO ONE MONSTER PER TURN!
OH WELL!
I GUESS I END MY TURN.
I THOUGHT YOU'D SAY THAT.
HA HA HA HA! YES!
NOW I ACTIVATE
NIGHTMARE BINDING!
NO!
I'M AFRAID SO, PHARAOH!
YOUR KURIBABYLON
JUST LOST 800 POINTS.
BUT THEY DIDN'T GO TO WASTE
'CAUSE THOSE ATTACK POINTS
GOT ADDED TO MY LIFE POINTS!
AND TO TOP IT OFF,
YOUR OVERSIZED DUST BUNNY
CAN'T BE SACRIFICED!
INSULT MY MONSTERS
ALL YOU LIKE, RAFAEL.
WITH THE POWER OF
THE ORICHALCOS BEHIND ME
I CAN'T BE STOPPED!
SINCE HE'S USELESS
I'LL SACRIFICE
MY DARK MAGICIAN!
AND BY USING THE SPECIAL ABILITY
OF MY CATAPULT TURTLE,
I'LL DAMAGE YOUR LIFE POINTS!
NOW THAT HE'S GONE,
MY DARK MAGICIAN
CAN ACTUALLY
SERVE A PURPOSE
BY STRENGTHENING MY
DARK MAGICIAN GIRL!
Joey:
DAT DOESN'T SOUND
LIKE DA YUGI I KNOW.
COME ON PAL...
SNAP OUT OF IT!
WELL, HERE WE ARE...
YOU'RE JUST ABOUT
TO LOSE THE DUEL...
AND YOUR SOUL!
ONE MORE BLAST FROM
MY CATAPULT TURTLE,
AND IT'S OVER!
YOU DON'T SCARE ME!
I'LL PLAY THIS,
AND END MY TURN.
HA HA HA HA!
THEN ALL I HAVE TO DO
IS DESTROY ONE CARD!
AND THIS DUEL'S DONE.
I CHOOSE...
MY VERY OWN
DARK MAGICIAN GIRL!
PHARAOH! NO!
THE SEAL OF ORICHALCOS
IS IN PLAY!
SO THE MONSTERS
ON THE FIELD ARE REAL!
PLEASE DON'T SACRIFICE
THE DARK MAGICIAN GIRL!
GO ON!
FIRE CATAPULT!
I ACTIVATE MY SHRINK CARD!
NO, NOT THAT CARD!
Weevil:
DARK MAGICIAN GIRL
LOSES HALF HER POINTS!
HE SAVED HIMSELF!
[SCREAMING]
IMPRESSIVE...
BUT ALL YOU DID
WAS PROLONG YOUR
EVENTUAL DOWNFALL.
HA HA HA!
YOU'LL NEVER
ESCAPE THE SEAL!
IT SEEMS YOUR SWORDS
OF REVEALING LIGHT
JUST EXPIRED.
SO ONCE I SACRIFICE
ANOTHER OF MY MONSTERS,
YOUR SPIRIT WILL BE
ABSORBED BY THE SEAL,
TRAPPING YOU FOREVER!
Yami-Yugi:
THE WORLD'S STRONGEST
FORCE ANSWERS TO ME!
OH MAN.
Duke: IT LOOKS LIKE
YUGI'S GOT THIS DUEL
IN THE BAG!
YOU GO YUGI!
NICE MOVES, HAH?
EARTH TO JOEY...
ARE YOU THERE, MAN?
I'M HERE,
BUT YUGE'S NOT.
HE'S BRAINWASHED!
SAY WHAT?!
HE'S SACRIFICING
HIS MONSTAS
LEFT AND RIGHT
AND TAWKIN' ABOUT
"POWER."
THAT'S NOT YUGI'S
STYLE A DUELIN'
AT ALL!
DAT ORICHALCOS DING
IS MESSIN' WIT HIS HEAD!
JUST LIKE IT DID TA MAI!
HA HA HA HA!
HOW COULD HE DO THIS?
THAT CARD IS EVIL.
I WARNED HIM.
Rafael: HA HA HA HA!
I TOLD YOU THE SEAL
WOULD REVEAL THE TRUTH.
THIS IS YOU--
WICKED, GREEDY
AND FULL OF HATE.
THE POWER OF
THE ORICHALCOS
REVEALS ALL.
AND JUST
AS I SUSPECTED...
YOU'RE EVIL, PHARAOH.
AND YOU'RE GETTING WORSE.
AS TIME PASSES
THE DARKNESS GROWS.
NO!
IF YOU DON'T BELIEVE ME
ALL YOU HAVE TO DO IS
LOOK AROUND THE FIELD.
SEE WHAT YOU'VE DONE
TO YOUR MONSTERS?
AT ONE TIME THEY WERE PURE.
BUT NOW THEY'RE EVIL
SHADOW CREATURES!
DID I REALLY DO
ALL THIS?
MY KURIBOHS!
OH NO! YOU DECEIVED ME!
YOU CHOSE TO PLAY
THE SEAL OF ORICHALCOS,
EVEN AT THE COST
OF LOSING TIMAEUS!
YOUR LUST FOR POWER
DESTROYED A VALUABLE MONSTER.
ONLY A TRULY DARK INDIVIDUAL
WOULD HAVE SUCH A BLATANT
DISREGARD FOR HIS DECK.
ENOUGH!!
NOT TO WORRY!
SOMEONE'S GONNA LOSE
IN THIS NEXT ROUND,
AND THIS NIGHTMARE'LL
BE OVER!
THERE'S ONLY ONE CARD
THAT CAN SAVE ME.
I ACTIVATE CELESTIAL SWORD!
AND TO USE MY SWORD I PLAY...
GUARDIAN EATOS!
OF COURSE!
THAT'S THE MONSTER
I'VE BEEN SENSING
ALL ALONG!
ACTIVATE YOUR
SPECIAL ABILITY EATOS!
SPIRIT OF CELESTIAL SWORD!
I'M...LOSING...
CONTROL...
AAH!
WHAT'S
GOIN' ON!?
Rafael:
MY GUARDIAN EATOS
HAS THE ABILITY
TO REMOVE MONSTERS
FROM YOUR CARD GRAVEYARD
AND ABSORB
THEIR ATTACK POWER!
NOT MY MONSTERS!
Rafael:
TOO LITTLE TOO LATE!
NOW LET'S SEE
WHO'S UP FIRST!
MY DARK MAGICIAN GIRL!
NEXT HE'LL TAKE
YOUR FAVORITE MONSTER!
NOT MY DARK MAGICIAN!
NEXT VICTIMS ARE
YOUR BIG SHIELD GARDNA,
GAZELLE, AND BERFOMET!
YOU HAVE THE POWER
OF EVERY ONE OF
MY FALLEN MONSTERS!
IT'S YOUR OWN FAULT!
YOU DID THIS TO THEM
WHEN YOU SELFISHLY
SACRIFICED
EACH ONE OF THEM!
YOU LET YOUR RAGE
TAKE OVER.
NOW LOOK INTO THE EYES
OF YOUR MONSTERS!
PLEASE FORGIVE ME FOR
WHAT I'VE DONE TO YOU!!
Rafael:
YOU DISRESPECTED
YOUR MONSTERS!
AND IT'S TIME
TO PAY THE PRICE NOW.
YOUR FAVORITE CARDS
ARE FIGHTING ON MY SIDE!
YOUR OLD PALS JUST ADDED
THEIR POWER TO MY GUARDIAN!
10,000 POINTS! THAT'S MORE
THAN ENOUGH TO WIPE YOU OUT!
NOW, GUARDIAN EATOS!
DESTROY HIS MONSTERS
AND THE REST OF
HIS LIFE POINTS!
NOOOOOOOOOO!
Rex: NO WAY!
YUGI ACTUALLY LOST!
Duke:
THIS CAN'T BE!
Tristan:
OH MAN!
Joey:
YUGI!
IF HE LOST THE DUEL...
THEN HE LOSES HIS SOUL!
Rafael: HA HA HA HA!
TIME FOR YOU
TO PAY UP, PHARAOH.
THE SEAL OF ORICHALCOS
NEVER LEAVES THE FIELD
WITHOUT TAKING SOMETHING
ALONG FOR THE RIDE!
AND THIS TIME, IT'S YOU!
'N YOU HAVE YOURSELF
TO BLAME,
'CAUSE YOU SEALED
YOUR OWN FATE WHEN
YOU PLAYED THAT CARD.
NOW YOUR LIFE FORCE
WILL AWAKEN THE GREAT BEAST.
NOT IF I CAN HELP IT!
WITH ALL THE POWER
OF THE MILLENNIUM PUZZLE...
I BREAK THE SEAL!
PHARAOH! I WON'T LET
THIS HAPPEN TO YOU!
YUGI! NO!
WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE!?
IT ONLY NEEDS ONE OF US,
SO I'M LETTING THE SEAL
TAKE ME INSTEAD!
NOOOOO! YUGI!
ADIOS, YOUR HIGHNESS!
Joey: HEY!
YOU ALRIGHT PAL!?
I DOUBT IT.
YEAH, DITTO.
Duke:
THIS IS NUTS.
Tristan:
COME ON, PAL.
Joey:
YUGI! GET UP!
PLEASE, YUGE!!
Rafael: HA HA HA!
YOU WON'T BE
NEEDING THESE
ANYMORE.
Joey: EY YOU!
TAKE YA HANDS
OFF 'IM!
FINE!
Duke: ARE YOU GUYS
ALL RIGHT?!
YOU CAN KEEP'M.
I ALREADY HAVE EVERYTHING
OF HIS I NEED.
HA HA HA HA!
GET BACK HERE!
YA HEAR ME!?
Tristan:
YUGI?
Duke:
SPEAK TO US.
HA! HEY, REX...
I KNOW EXACTLY
WHAT YOU'RE THINKING!
Duke:
YOU GOTTA GET UP!
CAN YA HEAR US,
YUGI?!
COME ON!
WAKE UP!
Tristan:
HE'S AWAKE!
Joey: I KNEW
YOU'D OUTSMART
DAT BIG GOON!
SO HOW'D YA
DO IT YUGE?
HOW'D YA ESCAPE?
EVERYTHING
A'RIGHT PAL?
Yami-Yugi:
NO, JOEY.
IT'S FAR FROM ALRIGHT.
I DIDN'T OUTSMART HIM.
HE SUCCEEDED!
YUGI'S GONE!
HA HA HA HA!
GREAT LEVIATHAN, PLEASE ACCEPT
MY LATEST OFFERING.
Joey:
I DON'T GET IT.
HOW CAN YOU BE
TALKIN' TO US IF
HE TOOK YOUR SOUL?
NOT MINE...YUGI'S!
IT'S ALL MY FAULT!
YUGI!! COME BACK!
[SCREAMING]
IT SHOULD HAVE
BEEN ME, NOT HIM.
IT'S NOT FAIR!